Main Idea: Setting out the correct process for a systemic trading system

- Be careful with the "archetypal strategy" benchmark. If the strategy is loosely
implemented, it starts to look a lot like the straw man arguements similar to
the tests against buy and hold. This is also an area where I very quickly lose
interest in the rest of the paper/presentation because the author doesn't
understand the alternative strategy that he/she is arguing against.

- I like the advise to measure yourself against multiple benchmarks even if
you think the benchmark is inappropriate because someone else will probably
do it anyway.

- Page 4, bottom "tradeStats()" Are you assuming the readers will be familiar
with quantstrat?

- Page 5 I agree with what you are saying on creating a testable hypothesis
but I think that I would be careful to use the word "prediction". There are
many rigorous tests that work well in the cross section and provide some
meanful insight as to how market work but are not useful in predicting what
will happen in the next period. I might argue that in the context of systemic
trading strategy development, it is the prediction that matters. A good
hypothesis does not need to be predictive in the time dimension but does need
to have a testable conclusion. This might seem like splitting hairs but if
are targeting anyone with a scientific background, there is a difference
between an experiment that has a predictable outcome and an experiment
that verifies a natural process. In physical sciences, they look the same
but in social sciences, they are different. An example is the correlation vs
causation problem of people carrying umbrellas before it rains. Clearly
umbrellas don't cause rain but if you knew nothing about the world, observing
people carrying umbrellas would be an excellent predictor of rain. In strategy
development, it would most likely be better to assume that umbrellas cause
rain rather than produce a global weather model. This is bad science but
probably more profitable.

- Page 9 In look ahead bias, I would add that even assuming that a rule has
access to and can act on contemporaneous information may be too optimistic.
No matter how fast you are, there is a time cost to observing and acting.
Marine Corps officers used to be taught the "OODA Loop" Observe, Orient,
Decide, Act. You cannot execute the loop instantaneously so your actions will
always lag observable information.

- Page 11 The figures on this page are not large enough to add value to the
paper.

- Page 11 I like the description of evaluating signals with distributions.

- Page 16 Bottom figure may look good on a good printer but is unreadable
in a 30" monitor.


